Adding architecture guidelines to Red Hat Style guide (#295)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/x.adoc

*See also*: xref:xemacs[XEmacs]

[discrete]
[[x86_64]]

> ==== image:images/yes.png[yes] x86_64 (noun)

Reviewer: Do we need to surround the noun in backticks as it refers to the object instance of the arch.

Author: The confusing part about this x86_64 format is that it doesn't have a format that is exclusive to either objects or general sentences, like how it is for ARM64 and `arm64`

Reviewer: Thanks for replying, @kelbrown20 . NP. Feel free to close this comment.

> *Description*: A 64-bit version of x86 architecture. Use this format when referring to an Operating systems and server instances. Including: Linux versions, RHEL, or CoreOS. Use in backticks when referring to architecture as a value or parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Description*: A 64-bit version of x86 architecture. Use this format when referring to Operating systems and server instances. Including: Linux versions, RHEL, or CoreOS. Use in backticks when referring to architecture as a value or parameter.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Description*: A 64-bit version of the x86 architecture. Use this format when referring to operating systems and server instances. Including: Linux versions, RHEL, or CoreOS. Use backticks when referring to the architecture as a value or a parameter.
```

Author: Yeah I agree and think that looks better

> *Description*: A 64-bit version of x86 architecture. Use this format when referring to operating systems and server instances. For example: RHEL, Fedora, CoreOS and other linux distributions. Use in backticks when referring to architecture as a value or parameter.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
*Description*: A 64-bit version of x86 architecture. Use this term when referring to operating systems and server instances, for example RHEL, Fedora, CoreOS and other linux distributions. Use the lowercase format with backticks when referring to architecture as a value or parameter.
```
Can you include a description of when to use the lowercase format without backticks?

> *Description*: A 64-bit version of x86 architecture. Use this term when referring to operating systems and server instances, for example RHEL, Fedora, CoreOS and other linux distributions. Use this format without backticks in general cases when refering to system architecture. Use this format in backticks when referring to architecture as a value or parameter. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
*Description*: A 64-bit version of x86 architecture. Use this term when referring to operating systems and server instances, for example RHEL, Fedora, CoreOS and other linux distributions. Use this format without backticks in general cases when referring to system architecture. Use this format in backticks when referring to architecture as a value or parameter. 
```

> *Description*: A 64-bit version of x86 architecture. Use this term when referring to operating systems and server instances, for example RHEL, Fedora, CoreOS and other linux distributions. Use this format without backticks in general cases when referring to system architecture. Use this format in backticks when referring to architecture as a value or parameter. 

Reviewer: A 64-bit version of the x86 architecture

Cloud providers can use different formats of this term when using architectures. If you are documenting hard code, commands or outputs, confer with your SME on the correct format for the specific use case.

Example 1:

* _Specifies the type of architecture for your server, such as x86_64._
* _Specify the architecture, valid values are `x86_64`._

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*: x64, x86-64, or x86

> *See also*: 

Reviewer: See also: xref:bit-64-x86

[discrete]
[[64-bit x86]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] 64-bit x86 (noun)

> *Description*: Use in general cases when writing for both names of the architectures for various cloud providers. The term 64-bit x86 systems can refer to both x86_64 and AMD64. Using this format can avoid confusion for users when the writer wants to write a general description of the architectures.

Reviewer: x86_64 > `x86_64`

> *Description*: Use in general cases when writing for both names of the architectures for various cloud providers. The term 64-bit x86 systems can refer to both x86_64 and AMD64. Using this format can avoid confusion for users when the writer wants to write a general description of the architectures.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
*Description*: The term 64-bit x86 systems can refer to both x86_64 and AMD64. Use this format in general cases when writing for both names of the architectures for various cloud providers.
```
Same comment as above about the "using this format" sentence.
